Hi everybody and welcome back in the previous lecture we saw how to give a function and and this lecture
we're going to look at how to give a module an alias.
So giving a module an alias allows you to call modular functions much more quickly.
So let's look at how we would do that.
So as you can see here again left hand side has my module open and on the right hand side I change it.
Change the code around from a previous lecture.
So do that now to match what I have on screen.
So my import statement at the top is import books to buy.
So import our full Mudgal books to buy.
So as we saw in the previous lecture by saying import books to buy that opens up every function from
our module.
So that's import books to buy and let's get books by an alias let's call it boxed by let's just say
as books to buy B2B OK books to buy.
So down here we can remove books by the insert we can be run and there we go.
Runs perfectly.
That's just from do to ask books to buy this or for a function the following titles are available to
buy the everything store.
So by giving our modules an alias as we have just done it makes a function calls within our main program
much quicker and much easier to use for a nice nice style tip helped make your program just a little
bit quicker and cleaner.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.